Better Unity Social SDK project setup wording (#7602)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/discord-social-sdk/getting-started/using-unity.mdx

1. Create a new 2D project in Unity Hub using Unity version 2021.3 or later
2. Either:
    1. Unzip the zip file in the Unity `Packages` folder, or

>     2. Unzip the zip file and [Install Package from Disk](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-local.html). Make sure the folder is in a permanent spot as Unity will reference it from that location.

Reviewer: "a permanent spot" feels a touch ambiguous to me? 🤔 

```suggestion
    2. Unzip the zip file and [Install Package from Disk](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-local.html). Make sure the folder is in a directory that won't get moved or deleted as your Unity project will load it from that location.
```

Maybe that is clearer?

Author: Agreed!
